Aligned format of input/output description in documentation for models (#2248)
openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo: models/intel/single-image-super-resolution-1032/description/single-image-super-resolution-1032.md

| PSNR                            | 29.29 dB                                  |
| GFlops                          | 11.654                                    |
| MParams                         | 0.030                                     |
| Source framework                | PyTorch\*                                 |

For reference, PSNR for bicubic upsampling on test dataset is 26.79 dB.

## Inputs

1. name: `0` , shape: `1, 3, 270, 480` - An input image in the format `B, C, H, W` where:
    - `B` - batch size
    - `C` - number of channels
    - `H` - image height
    - `W` - image width

2. name: `1` , shape: `1, 3, 1080, 1920` - Bicubic interpolation of the input image in the format `B, C, H, W` where:
    - `B` - batch size
    - `C` - number of channels
    - `H` - image height
    - `W` - image width

  Expected color order is `BGR`.

## Outputs

> 1. The net outputs one blobs with shapes `1, 3, 1080, 1920` that contains image after super

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The net output is a blobs with shapes `1, 3, 1080, 1920` that contains image after super
```

Author: Updated
